


Kevin is a security researcher in Symantec's Modern OS Security (MOS) division. 



He's constantly working on innovative techniques to automate discovery of threats and weaknesses impacting mobile users. 


Kevin Watkins is the CTO and part of the founding team at Appthority, The Authority in App Security™. Watkins most recently served as a Research Architect at McAfee Labs. His research focus has been on automation of content to regulatory frameworks, VoIP content compliance (to which he works with working groups to define VoIP security standards) and designing research tools for mobile malware. At McAfee he was considered the mobile expert and is often called upon for analysis, media interviews and to speak at industry conferences. He has served in the security industry for over ten years and designed security software used by many Fortune 100 companies and government agencies.



Kevin Watkins has been a well known  

Kevin has been in the security industry for many years, designing security software used by many Fortune 100 companies and government agencies. Kevin got his start in his hometown of Houston, moving to the bay area and San Francisco fifteen years ago, working for McAfee as a Research Architect. At McAfee, he was considered the mobile expert and the architect of the first automated mobile security tools in the space. 




 bemoving to work at McAfee as a research architect from his native Houston 



Kevin Watkins is a Co-Founder of Appthority, Inc. and serves as its Chief Technology Officer and Chief Architect of Android Engineering. Mr. Watkins is part of the founding team at Appthority.  Mr. Watkins was a Research Architect at McAfee Labs. His research focused on automation of content to regulatory frameworks, VoIP content compliance (to which he works with working groups to define VoIP security standards), and designing research tools for mobile malware. At McAfee, he was considered the mobile expert. He is often called upon for analysis, media interviews, and to speak at industry conferences.


Kevin has been
